# 1
This code will log the following to the screen:
```
1
2
3
4
```

On line 10, the global variable `incrementCounter` is initialized to the return value of the `makeCounter()` function. `makeCounter()` returns an anonymous function. This function increments the `counter` variable by 1 and then returns the `counter` value.

A closure can be thought of as an envelope that contains a function and pointers to all the variables that the function has access to. In this case, the new anonymous function has access to `counter` variable in the global scope and lines 11 and 12 print `1` and `2` to the screen respectively.

On line 14, `incrementCounter` is reassigned to a new anonymous function. However, this anonymous function still acts on the same `counter` variable in the global scope. Therefore, lines 15 and 16 log `3` and `4` to the screen respectively.

# 2
This code will output the following:
```
1
1
1
1
```

On line 1, the `makeCounter()` function is declared and, in its function body, it returns an anonymous function. Inside the body of the anonymous function, a new counter variable is declared and initialized to the value `0`. This counter variable is then incremented by `1` and the new value is returned by the anonymous function.

Each time the anonymous function function is called, a new `counter` variable is created. Therefore, each time the anonymous function is invoked, on lines 10, 11, 12, and 13, a new `counter` local variable is created and the corresponding incremented value is logged to the screen.

# 3
This code will output the following to the screen:
```
1
2
1
2
```

On line 10, the global variable `incrementCounter` is declared and initialized to the return value of `makeCounter()`.

Inside `makeCounter()` the local variable counter is declared and initialized to `0`. `makeCounter()` then returns an anonymous function that increments the `counter` variable inside `makeCounter()` by `1` and returns the new value.

Each time the anonymous function is called, the `counter` local to `makeCounter()` is incremented by `1` and returned to the screen. Therefore, lines 11 and 12, output `1` and `2` to the screen respectively.

On line 14, the `makeCounter()` function is invoked again and assigned to `incrementCounter`. This creates a new local `counter` variable which a new anonymous function increments every time it is called. This anonymous function is assigned to `incrementCounter`.

Therefore, lines 15 and 16 long `1` and `2` to the screen respectively.

# 4
This code will output the following to the console:
```
1
2
1
2
```

On line 10, the global variable `incrementCounter1` is declared and initialized to the return value of `makeCounter()` and on line 11, the global variable `incrementCounter2` is declared and initialized to the return value of `makeCounter()`.

`incrementCounter1` and `incrementCounter2` reference different functions and each have their own closures. Therefore, each function has it's own `counter` variable in its closure.

Therefore, lines 13 and 14 will print `1` and `2` to the screen respectively and lines 16 and 17 will print `1` and `2` to the screen respectively.

# 5
```javascript
function makeMultipleLister(number) {

  let arrayOfMultiples = [];

  function printArrayOfMultiples() {
    arrayOfMultiples.forEach(function(number) {
      console.log(number);
    });
  }

  return function() {
    for (let i = number; i < 100; i += 1) {
      if (i % number === 0) {
        arrayOfMultiples.push(i);
      }
    }

    printArrayOfMultiples();
  }

}


let lister = makeMultipleLister(17);
lister();
```

# 6
```javascript
function tracker() {
  let runningTotal = 0;

  function add(number) {
    console.log(runningTotal += number);
  }

  function subtract(number) {
    console.log(runningTotal -= number);
  }

  return [add, subtract];
}

let trackers = tracker();
let add = trackers[0];
let subtract = trackers[1];

add(1);
add(42);
subtract(39);
add(6);
```

# 7
This code will log `150` to the screen.

On line 9, the global variable `bar` is initialized and assigned to the return value of `foo(2)`. The function `foo()` takes one argument. It declares the local variable `prod` and initializes it to passed in argument.

It then returns an anonymous function. This anonymous function takes one argument. Inside the body of the anonymous function, the local `prod` variable gets reassigned to the value of `prod` multiplied by the argument passed into the anonymous function. It then returns `prod`.

After line 9, `bar` references this anonymous function which has access to `prod` via closure. On line 10, the global variable `result` is declared and initialized to the return value of `bar(3)`. As explained above, calling the anonymous function referenced by `bar` reassigns `prod` within the `foo()` function and returns the new value. After line 10, the value of prod is `6` and `result` is also `6`.

On line 11, `result` is being reassigned to the return value of `result + bar(4)`. The value of `prod` is now `24` and value of `result` is `30`.

On line 12, `result` is being reassigned to the return value of `result + bar(5)`. The value of `prod` is now `120` and value of `result` is `150`.

This is logged to the screen on line 13.

# 8
```javascript
function later(func, argumentToFunc) {
  return function() {
    func(argumentToFunc);
  }
}

const logger = message => console.log(message);
let logWarning = later(logger, "The system is shutting down!");
logWarning();
```

# 9
```javascript
function later2(func, argumentToFunc) {
  return function(anotherArgument) {
    func(argumentToFunc, anotherArgument);
  }
}

const notify = function(message, when) {
  console.log(`${message} in ${when} minutes!`);
}

let shutdownWarning = later2(notify, "The system is shutting down");
shutdownWarning(30);
```

# 10
```javascript
'use strict';

function bind(context, func) {
  return function() {
    func.call(context);
  }
}


let obj = {};
let boundFunc = bind(obj, function() {
  this.foo = "bar";
});

boundFunc();
console.log(obj);
```